README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Matt. 👋

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/mmattbtw?color=%231A90D9&label=Twitter&logo=Twitter&logoColor=White&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/mmattbtw)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/702352937980133386.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/hgQTTU7)
[![Twitch Status](https://img.shields.io/twitch/status/mmattbtw?style=flat-square)](https://twitch.tv/mmattbtw)
![GitHub Visitors](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=mmattbtw.mmattbtw?style=flat-square)
###### You can find me everywhere on https://mmatt.link/socials
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### About Me
- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Doob](http://github.com/doobdev/doob), Discord Bot. | [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/doobdev/doob) - [Website](https://doobbot.com)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python
- 📫 How to reach me: [mmattbtw@pm.me](mailto:mmattbtw@pm.me) | mmatt#0001 on Discord | [@mmattbtw](https://twitter.com/messages/476840933-476840933?recipient_id=476840933&text=Hello!) on Twitter.
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- 🌐 Website: https://mmatt.net 
- ⚙  Specs: https://mmatt.net/devices [RTX 2070, i9-9900k, 16 GB RAM]
- ❌ Most of my repositories are trash.
  - My [/doobdev](https://github.com/doobdev) ones are aren't.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### Some GitHub Stats:
[![mmatt's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mmattbtw&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mmattbtw&hide=javascript&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### My personal commit key.
  - ➕  = Added
  - ❌ = Removed
  - 🔧 = Fixed
  - 🔀 = Changed
  - ↔ = Merged
  - 🔼 = Updated dependancy
  - 🔄 = Also... (for descriptions of commits.)
  - ✨ = Made the code look better
    - This would either be by using [black](https://github.com/psf/black) or just manually.

###### *contribute to this readme.md [here](https://github.com/mmattbtw/mmattbtw)*

Commit message:

🔀Changed wording of my repo notice
Also removed the "also" commit key.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Matt. 👋

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/mmattbtw?color=%231A90D9&label=Twitter&logo=Twitter&logoColor=White&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/mmattbtw)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/702352937980133386.svg?label=&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff&color=7389D8&labelColor=6A7EC2&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/hgQTTU7)
[![Twitch Status](https://img.shields.io/twitch/status/mmattbtw?style=flat-square)](https://twitch.tv/mmattbtw)
![GitHub Visitors](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=mmattbtw.mmattbtw?style=flat-square)
###### You can find me everywhere on https://mmatt.link/socials
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### About Me
- 🔭 I’m currently working on [Doob](http://github.com/doobdev/doob), Discord Bot. | [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/doobdev/doob) - [Website](https://doobbot.com)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Python
- 📫 How to reach me: [mmattbtw@pm.me](mailto:mmattbtw@pm.me) | mmatt#0001 on Discord | [@mmattbtw](https://twitter.com/messages/476840933-476840933?recipient_id=476840933&text=Hello!) on Twitter.
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him
- 🌐 Website: https://mmatt.net 
- ⚙  Specs: https://mmatt.net/devices [RTX 2070, i9-9900k, 16 GB RAM]
- ❌ Most of my repositories aren't work looking at.
  - My [/doobdev](https://github.com/doobdev) repos is what a work on the most.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### Some GitHub Stats:
[![mmatt's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mmattbtw&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mmattbtw&hide=javascript&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

### My personal commit key.
  - ➕  = Added
  - ❌ = Removed
  - 🔧 = Fixed
  - 🔀 = Changed
  - ↔ = Merged
  - 🔼 = Updated dependancy
  - ✨ = Made the code look better
    - This would either be by using [black](https://github.com/psf/black) or just manually.

###### *contribute to this readme.md [here](https://github.com/mmattbtw/mmattbtw)*
